# MCA-FINAL-PROJECT-AMAZON-FINE-FOOD
Give a review the system will automatically generate a star rating depending on the review.

All Information in the world can be broadly classified into mainly two categories, facts and opinions. Facts are objective statements about entities and on the other hand opinions are subjective statements that reflect people’s sentiments. Maximum amount of existing research on text and information processing is focused on mining and getting the factual information from the text or information. When an organization needs to find opinions of the general public about its products and services they conducted surveys and focused groups. After the growth of Web, especially with the drastic growth of the user generated content on the Web, the world has changed and so has the methods of gaining ones opinion. One can post reviews of products at merchant sites and express views on almost anything in Internet forums, discussion groups, and blogs, which are collectively called the user generated content. As the technology of connectivity grew so as the ways of interpreting and processing of users opinion information has changed. 
In today’s world, the significance of online shopping is growing day by day. The business ideas have been refashioned and completely transformed by making it so easy for the customers to purchase anything they want at just one click of a mouse button and it is becoming even more popular due to its high level of convenience. The only thing customers must have is Internet and appropriate method of payment. Amazon.com is one such widely known E-commerce website and it is being used world-wide. It is one of the largest online vendor in the World. It is an example of increasing availability and increasing popularity for opinion-rich resource where it provides millions of users' reviews of different products categories. People often gaze over the products and reviews of the product before buying the product on Amazon itself. But the reviews on Amazon are not necessarily of products but a mixture of product review and service review (Amazon related or Product Company related). The buyer is misled as the overall sentiment (rating classification) that Amazon gives is a collective one and there is no bifurcation between a service review and product review.  This growth of E-commerce gave importance to customer needs and opinions which in turn gave rise to an important aspect of online shopping known as ‘User Reviews’. User reviews are customer suggestions and opinions about the product which help other customers make decisions about that product.  The goal of this project is to understand and analyze the Amazon User Review Dataset with the help of different visualization techniques. These visualization techniques will help showcase various informative statistical trends which will provide us with insights about the Amazon Review system. The Major work will involve empirical analysis for data understanding and exploration by taking into consideration, the various metrics related to the user reviews as opposed to sentimental analysis on the review text which aims at understanding the overall emotion of the reviews. Amazon is one of the companies that provide reviews of users regarding all its products. The review comments are useful to both other buyers and vendors. The sentiment analysis of customer reviews helps the vendor to understand user’s perspectives. But reviews may vary with different individuals. In this project the rating of the product is generated from the given review. By generating the review like this the customer gets more accurate feedback regarding the product.
